hi and welcome to one grill this video
is going to cover rotisserie motor
mounting the drive size and spit rod
sizes this is the backside of our four
pm0 for battery-powered rotisserie motor
and what you can see here is the square
drive in the back and you can see the
little mounting tabs mounting tabs
protrude from the back of the grill and
this is a standard 3 inch mount and the
way we get to that number is the
distance from inside to inside on little
tabs you can see that that is three
inches and that's when we come up with
that three inch standard mount and this
is where you would want to measure your
grill bracket and make sure that the
little ears that we go down inside here
are three inches or slightly less and
also as far as the square drive goes
they talk about 5/16 square drive 5/16
so digitally is 0.3 1 to each sixteenth
is point zero six two five so five times
that number gets us to 0.3 1 to the
square inside the motors are slightly
larger this particular motor about 328
that gives us a little clearance for the
spit rod to go inside and be able to
still rotate and now we'll look at the
rods themselves and this is a 5/16
square spit rod and again with our
little machinist scale we have 16
divisions from 1 to 2 inch so each one
of these divisions being a 16 with our
spit rod from the 1-inch over takes up 5
units and so that's how we get to the
5/16 there are also half-inch heavy-duty
hex rods
available at one grill and the half-inch
sizing basically from the 1-inch we're
going to come over about half way or
8/16 1/2 inch and that'd be the width of
this rod much heavier rod how we drive
that in a motor
well if we look at the end here you'll
see that this rod is actually machined
down to a 5/16 square so this gives us
the ability to use industry standard
motor sizing drive systems and be able
to spend a much larger heavier rod for
bigger loads like say an 18 pound turkey